Decommission of VM?
When a virtual machine is no longer needed in your production environment, you can issue this command to initiate a staged removal 
of the virtual machine file space from the server. The DECOMMISSION VM command marks all data that was backed up for the virtual 
machine as inactive, so it can be deleted according to your data retention policies. After all data that was backed up for the 
virtual machine expires, the file space that represents the virtual machine is deleted. The DECOMMISSION VM command affects only 
the virtual machine that you identify. The data center node, and the other virtual machines that are hosted by the data center
node are not affected.

Deleting the VM

Deallocation of VM?
It has been the state of the machine is in Stopped (Deallocated) means that you have made a shutdown by Web Management 
Interface Azure ( SHUTDOWN BUTTON ). In this way the cost of virtual machine will not be charged, but the public and internal IP 
will be deleted. Note that the IP addresses were excluded (internal and public), if you do not book a 
public IP (maximum of 5 per signature), you may notice that you have a web site or application on this machine, 
the web site / application will be unavailable and when turning it back as a new public IP will be provisioned. 
You have to do a DNS entry manually if you are accessing by a proper name.

The VM is shutdown temporarily. Charges are not applicable during shutdown. But Public IP and Private IP are deleted. After restarting the 
virtual machine a new IP is provisioned. 

Artifacts?
The files aquired after deployment.

Challenges Faced?
Some of the references files were missed.

Debug?
To test code in local

Release?
To test code in remote

What is environment?
Environment is a collection of resources.
We have environments:
DEV-- Developers environment   Owner--Developer
SIT--System Intergration Test  Owner-- Tester
UAT-- User Acceptance Test     Owner --Business Analyst
Stage-- Pre production     Owner-- Client
Production          owner-- Client







