Azure Traffic Manager is a DNS-based traffic load balancer that enables you to distribute traffic optimally to services across 
global Azure regions,while providing high availability and responsiveness.
Azure Traffic Manager supports six traffic-routing methods to determine how to route network traffic to the various service endpoints.
For any profile, Traffic Manager applies the traffic-routing method associated to it to each DNS query it receives. The traffic-routing
method determines which endpoint is returned in the DNS response.

The following traffic routing methods are available in Traffic Manager:

Priority: Select Priority when you want to use a primary service endpoint for all traffic, and provide backups in case the primary or 
the backup endpoints are unavailable.
Weighted: Select Weighted when you want to distribute traffic across a set of endpoints, either evenly or according to weights, which you
define.
Performance: Select Performance when you have endpoints in different geographic locations and you want end users to use the "closest" 
endpoint in terms of the lowest network latency.
Geographic: Select Geographic so that users are directed to specific endpoints (Azure, External, or Nested) based on which geographic
location their DNS query originates from. This empowers Traffic Manager customers to enable 
scenarios where knowing a user’s geographic region and routing them based on that is important. Examples include complying with data
sovereignty mandates, localization of content & user experience and measuring traffic from different regions.
Multivalue: Select MultiValue for Traffic Manager profiles that can only have IPv4/IPv6 addresses as endpoints. When a query is received
for this profile, all healthy endpoints are returned.
Subnet: Select Subnet traffic-routing method to map sets of end-user IP address ranges to a specific endpoint within a Traffic Manager
profile. When a request is received, the endpoint returned will be the one mapped for that request’s source IP address. 


TM based on the routing method. The traffic is redirected to different regions. /Redirecting the traffic to different regions based on 
routing methods.
Advantages: High availability, zero downtime
Step 1: Create 2 web apps in 2 different regions.
GOto app service editor-------> root directory of website----> hostingstart.html----> edit---> backspack

GOTO all services----->Traffic manager----->+Add
Create 2 Endpoints to Traffic manager in overview
Add 2 app services to different end points

Browse the traffic manager URL in browser.

Change the configurations and browse again.


